>> Mike North: So the app we're
gonna be working with all day today,
it is an online bank where we have
a couple accounts, like checking and
savings accounts here.
You have the ability to transfer funds
to another person's account, and
a user has a profile page
that's not filled out.
That's not completely implemented, but
it's there enough that it might present
a potential vector for causing a problem.
Right, and we leave occasionally half
complete features behind a feature flag or
something.
Or it's easy for
something like that to sneak in.
And you might think well,
it doesn't work yet.
It's not gonna cause a problem.
But sometimes just a little
piece of code can be enough for
someone to get a foothold on your system.
So where we're gonna start,
everyone will agree this is
an obviously insecure situation.
And over time, we're going to alternate
between staging an attack, so
we're gonna take the role of the attacker
and see how much trouble we can cause.
And then we're going to flip over and
see if we can shore up this
application to the point
where the attack that we've just made is
not possible anymore, it's not effective.
Right, so we're gonna sort
of alternate back and forth.
And I find this is the best way to
do it because you kind of get to,
when you're trying to compromise
the system, that is the best
mindset to have in order to figure out
what exactly you have to defend against.
And hopefully it will build some
habits where you start thinking about
unreasonable user input, for example.
We always expect, we have a text field and
it says username.
And I expect the user to put something
that looks like an email address in there.
But I want you to start thinking about
what are the crazy types of things that
someone can put in there that
could potentially cause trouble.
Cuz we have to be prepared for that.
So I'm gong to be testing on IE9, and
if you're watching on the video, I'm gonna
ask probably within the live classroom
we all not try to download this at once.
It's useful to have a virtual
machine with an old browser.
And I will represent the room here, and
I will be running a virtual machine for
you, so that we can look at it.
But you can go to modern.ie and they
have virtual machines that are good for
90 days that you can download for
IE9, IE10, IE11.
They work in VirtualBox,
which is a free virtual machine platform.
And that lets us task something realistic,
right?
Because, yes, Chrome and Firefox,
like the evergreen browsers,
do a lot to protect us from
things like cross side scripting.
But not all of our users
are working on those, right?
So we really want to be able to take
at least two data points, a very modern
browser and a browser that is the least
safe, but we still need to support it.
So, modern.ie, you can download that,
and I will be the representative in
the room that will show the holes
that still remain in IE9.